Document new WAL errors (#392)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: maintenance-ops/production-readiness-guide.mdx

```

It's recommended to check the current replication slot lag and `max_slot_wal_keep_size` when deploying Sync Streams/Sync Rules changes to your PowerSync Service instance, especially when you're working with large database volumes.
If you notice that the replication lag is greater than the current `max_slot_wal_keep_size` it's recommended to increase the value of `max_slot_wal_keep_size` on the connected source Postgres database to accommodate for the lag and to ensure the PowerSync Service can complete initial replication without further delays.

> If the slot is invalidated, PowerSync aborts the snapshot early and surfaces error [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues). After increasing `max_slot_wal_keep_size`, redeploy your sync config to trigger a fresh snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the slot is invalidated, PowerSync aborts the snapshot early and surfaces error [`PSYNC_S1146`](/debugging/error-codes#psync_s11xx-postgres-replication-issues). After increasing `max_slot_wal_keep_size`, delete the existing replication slot. PowerSync will automatically create a new slot and restart the snapshot.
```
